what's up YouTube ten we doing a review
of my new HP 2000 notebook with Windows
ink
I just got it you guys can check out my
channel for the unboxing um so let's go
Susie C will do the outside a nice gloss
finish put in a nice flat black right
here and yet same on the other side nice
glossy finish oh nice fingerprint magnet
but looks good when it's clean um same
with the bottom nice matte black finish
and yeah so let's turn it on and I have
downloaded some files I'll put some
pictures in it and as you can see it
doesn't take that long to load up
probably around only 4 seconds or less
or more but around that range so as you
can see you have your your like little
apps eyes kateri downloaded Excel
OneNote PowerPoint all that stuff almost
cost like hundred bucks I'm saying that
flex eBay Google Chrome and yeah so this
is my mom's email so yeah so let's go
desktop and as you can see still nice
all the other thing I don't like about
it is that you can't open up the little
menu pops up right here that would go
around here and you choose like your
things but I still it's still pretty
good I kind of like this makes a little
more more modern and I like I can get
apps like um um would you say like
temple run from like the App Store or
something or yeah
and ah so yeah and it's also pretty fast
um I didn't get it with the Intel Core I
got it with the e2 I'm sure you guys see
tuition YouTube is your name D which
isn't as fast as that Intel Core the new
one but still pretty fast so as you can
see we'll just go to Google Chrome and
we just go to youtube right here and I'm
not really close to my router but it's
still pretty fast as you can see my
signal um one bar short but so professo
let me just sign into my account
um wait
give me a sec you guys just puttin in my
account
I'll be right back when I've finished my
campaign okay so I'm done with my
account and I just signing oh that's
like a myself password so
so now I put it in and now I'm signing
um plays yeah it's pretty fast
Oh faster than my older computer so yeah
this is a review of has nice apps pretty
fast I might be doing some video editing
as soon as I figure out how to do that
stuff I'm not really good at videoing
and stuff and here's my new unboxing
from a couple a couple of days ago I
mean yesterday I think it was uh but
yeah thanks for watching I hope you
liked it mmm the only way I know how
edit is by the YouTube manager so if you
guys know how to edit a little like
what's a good program today with or a
programs are you comes with Windows 8 or
something that um just comment below so
I can start editing because the two
better isn't really good but so it's so
good but not that good so yeah thanks
for watching
hit that like button below um if this if
this review was in and thanks for
watching see you next time